welcome and welcome back as usual
on my channel today we are here with one
new guide surely indispensable
for anyone who wants to tackle the vault
of veto thanks to this guide you will discover
how to kill fast way e
especially the templar safe even in the
cases you are facing sometimes
I get to level 3 what you have
need at least one banner in the
your team that is equipped with a grenade e
solar care to feed these
to the shield of the Templar
doing so the Templar will retreat e
after a few meters it will fall into the abyss that
he finds his shoulders doing so
die and win the victory in
quite simple way
the rest of the team had to stay
here in this covered corner that struck
of the Templar from the threat of the harpies
and many other enemies
by doing this you will remain assured this
team will not die and above all what
the owner of the shield is important
he had to stay alive in the corner
quiet waiting for the moment
just to purify the whole team
because not caring about the oracles
we will be branded and thanks to the action
there will be no purifying shield
no problem
so what you need is
only a little less patience than
one minute the templar will fall behind
launching our grenades in the video
question 2 flash longer than usual
compared to normal duration in general
it gets thrown down much faster but
which will allow us to understand which are the
movements to do and where school should
stay and this strategy really is
easy to apply you will kill
templare at any level without
any difficulty there was like this
video I recommend you leave a nice like
share it prepared friends who like
want to play on destiny discover these
strategies with me next strategy like
throws down that one now
we know all but this of giving
maybe it's the coolest one to apply in
absolute beautiful girl release with
the images of the video of doc it and vie
a game to all hi everyone